Go
HKUST(GZ) 科大 Go Mini Program Usage Guidelines
一、 如何进入小程序？ How to log in？
1. 检索方式（二选一） Search method (choose one )
方法一：在微信下拉进入“小程序导航栏” ，输入“香港科技大学广州丨科大 Go” 并进行检索。
方法二：用手机微信，扫以下二维码。
Method 1:Search the WeChat Mini Program named “香港科技大学广州|科大 Go”
Method 2: Scan the QR code below via WeChat.
2. 登录 Log in
打开“香港科技大学广州丨科大 Go”小程序后， 校内人员（教职工、学生、家属等） 使用广州校园统一账号及密码，从“校园统一账号
登录”入口进入； 校外人员（校外访客等） 使用手机号码从“手机号码登录”入口进入；小程序会根据用户登录方式及用户身份，分配
对应的功能。
After opening the Mini Program, faculty, students, family members, etc. use the sso account and password for the Guangzhou campus to enter
through the " Campus Unified Account " portal; visitors use the mobile phone number to enter through the " Phone Number " portal. The mini
program will allocate corresponding functions based on the user's login method and identity.
二、 数字校园卡使用规范 Usage Specification For Digital Campus Card
1. 数字校园卡二维码 QR code for digital campus card
登录成功后，将显示数字校园卡二维码。单击二维码区域，可放/刷新大二维码，可提高户外、夜间等场景的刷码成功率， 如下图所示：
After a successful login, your digital campus card will be displayed as shown in the following example. Clicking on the QR code area canenlarge/refresh the QR code and improve the success rate of scanning in outdoor and nighttime scenarios
重要提醒： 数字校园卡是个人身份、财产的重要信息，不得手机截屏或投屏，否则会被冻结二维码，更不得转发他人。 如需申请解冻，
请在“报事报修-IT-校园卡”中提单申请，或电话联系 02088330101。
IMPORTANT NOTE: The digital campus card contains important personal and property information and should not be screenshot or
shared via screen projection. Doing so may result in the QR code being frozen, and it is strictly prohibited to forward it to others. If you
need to apply for unfreezing, please report an issue in the "Repair-IT-Campus Card, or contact us at 02088330101.
2. 数字校园卡通行功能 Digital campus card access function
根据学校管理政策，数字校园卡将为不同身份人员赋予不同范围的通行权限，校园用户可在权限范围在校门人行道闸机、 校园门禁、
电梯、 打印机等使用数字校园卡刷二维码通行。
According to the school management policy, the digital campus card will grant different access permissions to individuals of different identities.
Campus users can use the digital campus card to swipe QR codes for access within the authorized areas, such as pedestrian gates, access control
systems, elevators, and printers.
3. 数字校园卡支付功能（按需开通， 如果不需要使用科大 Go 支付功能可忽略该提示，不影响通行功能） Digitalcampus card payment function（Use as needed, If you do not need to use the 科大 Go QR code payment function, you
can ignore it.）
开通支付功能有以下两种方法。 There are two ways to open Payment function.
（1） 充值消费：打开“香港科技大学广州|科大 Go”小程序-充值，充值成功后，会自动到账并显示账户余额，刷数字校园卡的二维码
或者校园卡进行消费，就会直接扣除账户余额。如下图示例：
Recharge and consumption: Open the "香港科技大学广州|科大 Go " Mini Program, click on "Recharge", and after a successful recharge, the
account balance will be automatically updated and displayed. When making a payment, simply scan the QR code of your digital campus card or
use your physical campus card, and the payment will be deducted directly from your account balance. Please refer to the following example for
more information.
（2） 免充值支付(小额免密支付)： 打开“香港科技大学广州|科大 Go”小程序-上方红条“尚未开通免密支付功能，请点击启用”，免密支
付功能开通后，刷数字校园卡的二维码或者校园卡进行消费，就会自动扣除微信零钱包或者选绑的银行卡。如下图示例开通：
Password-free payment: Open the "香港科技大学广州|科大 Go " Mini Program - Click on the red banner "Enable password-free payment
function" at the top if the function has not been activated yet. Once the password-free payment function is activated, you can make payments by
scanning the QR code of your digital campus card or using your physical campus card, and the payment will be automatically deducted from your
WeChat wallet or the bound bank card. Please refer to the following example for activation.
4. 如何查询消费记录？ How to query consumption records?
用户可以通过消费记录功能，查看数字校园卡的消费情况。路径： “香港科技大学广州|科大 Go”小程序-左上角“个人中心”- 消费记录
进行查询，如下图示例：
Users can check their digital campus card consumption records through the "Consumption Records" function. To access this function, go to the
"Personal Center" in the "香港科技大学广州|科大 Go " Mini Program and click on "Consumption Records". Please refer to the following examplefor more information:
三、 常见问题及回答 Q&A
1. 如何自定义首页“我的应用”？ How to customize "My Apps" on the home page？
进入“应用大厅”，长按应用图标拖拽可添加、移除或调整应用顺序，“我的应用”中最多可设置 11 个应用，如需使用更多应用，
请在“应用大厅” -“全部应用”中查找。
Enter the "App Center", long press and drag the icon to add, remove, or adjust the application order. You can set up to 11
applications in "My Apps". If you need to use more applications, please find them in "App Center " - "All Apps".
2.实体校园卡丢失后如何挂失及解挂？ How to report the campus card loss and unblock it?
进入科大 Go 小程序，选择“应用大厅” -“卡挂失/解挂”功能，点击“立即挂失”即可完成自助挂失，实时生效，挂失成功后校园卡
状态将变为“无效”；解挂时点击“立即解挂”即可完成自助挂失，实时生效，解挂成功后校园卡状态将变为“有效”
Entering the "Card Loss/Unblocking" function in the 科大 Go mini-program, clicking "Report Loss Now" can complete self-service loss reporting,
which takes effect in real time. After successful loss reporting, the status of the campus card will become "invalid"; when unblocking, clicking
"Unblock Now" can complete self-service unblocking, which takes effect in real time. After successful unblocking, the status of the campus card
will become "valid".3.科大 Go 无法登录？ Can't pass the authentication?
若在登录页面，输入账户密码后无法登录成功， 可致电 IT 服务热线 020-88330101 或邮件发送 IT 服务邮箱 gzit@hkust-gz.edu.cn。若
忘记密码，可点击链接 https://myaccount.hkust-gz.edu.cn/resetpwd 自助重置密码
If you are unable to log in successfully after entering your account password on the login page, please call the IT service hotline at 020-
88330101 or send an email to the IT service email at gzit@hkust-gz.edu.cn. If you forget your password, please click on the link
https://myaccount.hkust-gz.edu.cn/resetpwd to reset your password.
如有疑问，请联系 (020) 8833 0101。
If you have any questions, please contact (020) 8833 0101.